\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-

@c %**start of header
@setfilename applebloom.info
@settitle applebloom
@afourpaper
@documentencoding UTF-8
@documentlanguage en
@finalout
@c %**end of header

@c --- start of do not touch ---
@set DICT /usr/share/applebloom
@set COMMAND applebloom
@c --- end of do not touch ---


@dircategory Miscellaneous
@direntry
* applebloom: (applebloom).          Apple Bloom the pony dictionary
@end direntry


@copying
Copyright @copyright{} 2013 Mattias Andrée

@quotation
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3 or
any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no
Invariant Sections, with no Front-Cover Texts, and with no Back-Cover
Texts. A copy of the license is included in the section entitled
``GNU Free Documentation License''.
@end quotation
@end copying

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top applebloom -- Apple Bloom the pony dictionary
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@titlepage
@title applebloom
@subtitle Apple Bloom the pony dictionary
@author by Mattias Andrée (maandree)

@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@page
@*@*
@center `What are you, a dictionary?!'
@end titlepage

@contents



@menu
* Overview::                        Brief overview of @command{applebloom}.
* Customisability::                 Customising @command{applebloom}
* GNU Free Documentation License::  Copying and sharing this manual.
@end menu



@node Overview
@chapter Overview

Apple Bloom is a simple dictionary that will help you incase you get lost
in either human or pony@footnote{Not that likely, but just in case} jargon.

@command{@value{COMMAND}} is very easy to use, for its arguments you just add
each word you need help with, and applebloom will try to explain it, and
even tell you whether it is a human word or a pony word.

Apple Bloom keeps all words she knows of in @file{@value{DICT}}, with each
human word appended with @code{.human} and each pony word appended with
@code{.pony}, additionally all blank spaces in the file name is replaced by
a hyphen.



@node Customisability
@chapter Customisability

By adding the file @file{~/.config/@value{COMMAND}/@value{COMMAND}rc} to
your system you can customise Apple Bloom by changing the program's functions:

@table @code
@item _usage
Prints the message on how to use the program is n words are given.

@item _not_found
Informs the users that a word was not found in the dictionary.
The parameter @code{$1} holds the word.

@item _pony
Called when a pony word has been found.

The parameter @code{$1} holds the word and the parameter @code{2}
holds the file to @command{cat} to get the definition of the word.

@item _human
Called when a human word has been found.

The parameter @code{$1} holds the word and the parameter @code{2}
holds the file to @command{cat} to get the definition of the word.

@end table



@node GNU Free Documentation License
@appendix GNU Free Documentation License
@include fdl.texinfo

@bye

